Release v0.29.0 (#82)
cosmos/ibc-proto-rs: .changelog/v0.29.0/summary.md

*April 12th, 2023*

> In this update, Protobuf definitions have been included forInterchain Security v1 CCV within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this update, Protobuf definitions have been included for Interchain Security v1 CCV within
```
